Strategy:
User Needs:
  Fan:

  Participate in creative endeavor
  Converse with fans / artists about music
  Get exclusive access to material / tracks
  Get free tracks / patches
  Download high quality segments for own usage
  Compete with others for recognition

  Artist:

  Exploit noodles
  Recieve written feedback about music tracks
  Learn from crowd about effective parts
  Make money from crowd engagement / subscriptions
  Make better / proven music
  Discovery through portal

Product Objectives:
  Connect fans with artists in meaningful way
  Make a percentage of all transactions through product
  Platform for artist discovery

Metric Goals:
  User signups
  Engagement
  Buying

Functionality:
  Sounds:
    Play sound, search sound, make snippet, download snippet
  Cheese:
    Buy, Spend (snippets, patches)

Information:
  Sounds:
    Available, context information, tags, date
  Snippets:
   Popularity, length, tags, comments
  Users:
    Activity, currently listening

Scope:
Content Management System

CMS will upload, edit info, convert to mp3, admin user engagements, promote users to have more abilities (Ninjas).

Good Sound Extrapolation

GSE will display waveforms, display engagments, allow users to add engagements, spend cheese, comment on own or others engagement segments, download segments and play / search audio tracks. Controls and a visual preview (using Soundline) of the next tracks is available. Going back is only a control.

Soundline

Soundline will display a collection of tracks, ordered by date. Tracks which exist in the same month will be displayed in a horizontally extending line. Tracks which are synchronized will be displayed as multiple horizontal lines in a single vertical space.
Tracks can also be tagged and searched for by tag.

v2: Fans can see other fans listening / commenting in real time.

User Analytics

Find high engagement segments. User time since login, frequency, time of sessions.

User Activity

To build user engagement, the activities of others in their designated regions will be collected and displayed.

User Types:
Fans:
Buy cheese, spend cheese, comment and listen freely.

Ninjas:
Can delete segments from tracks. Administration queue. Can remove abusive comments.

Buyers:
'Own' a specific segment, removing all other claims of likes. Enables full quality download of segment. Can trade in Marketplace (v3)

Game Mechanics:
Buy sections with cheese
Can take top spot by spending original + payoff all.
Ex: User 1 has 10 second segment with Users 2 and 3 owning 5 second segments in it. Total price is 20 going to User 1, 5 to 2 and 3, and 10 to system, for 40 total.


Specifications:

Overview Area:
List of sounds, ordered chronologically, each unit of time can be expanded to the sound detail view. Overview can be sorted by tags.

Sound Detail:
Current sound in detail. Waveform + displayed above line, user meta underneath / above. Display tags. Download. Go to next / previous. Expand to display multiple synched tracks. Can download specific section as aiff, whole track as mp3.

Site Meta Sidebar:
Cheese:
Buy, current spending
Content Meta:
My segments
Popular segments
Recently Discovered segments
New Sounds
Footer:
Copyright Info, link to DE.

Content Requirements:
Sounds :
Mp3, aiff, Tags, dates, pictures
User-generated :
Comments, avatars, names, sectins

Structure:
Interaction Design / Architecture
Sound groups depend on organization by date.
Large dots will indicate the root node of the sound group and extend in a line off to the right.
Sounds can be organized by date, level of engagement, or tags.
Navigation - Sounds will expand into the detail pane in place.
One Sound contains many Sections
Sections are miniturized in the overview, and expanded in the detail view.
Sections will always have color, and the importance of a given section highlight will be determined by line weight. First finders will be given top priority, only overtaken by buyers.


Skeleton:
Information Design, Interface, Navigation
Surface:
Sensory edsign
